Who gave you the right?
Dare to eliminate him
Mr. Zhang
The stars of tomorrow were originally for dreams
For talent
Created for everyone who loves music
justice and fairness
As the North China Orchestra
Key heroes of the top ten hits every year
It actually blatantly caused a dark incense operation
This one.
This is the data of the top ten golden songs just selected.
Hiring Kitchen Players
Has occupied the first place in the list of major topics
Audience voting data
Over 150 million.
This data.
Can't get any promotion yet, yeah
If ordinary people enter the city on the second floor of heaven to thrive
The top ten hits since then have been mediocre
I will know in my heart
Since Mr. Chu Fan's data
The requirements have been met.
Haha let
Mr. Chu Fan
advance
Miss Zhou
He made a mistake today.
Yes, since we have all solved the problem.
I can do it for today.
It's your inspection team's birthday
But
You have to apologize to the kitchen for what happened today
You asked me to apologize to him